c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\recsysList.dll.config
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\recsysList.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\recsysList.pdb
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\obj\Debug\recsysList.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\obj\Debug\recsysList.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\obj\Debug\recsysList.pdb
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\david79.tseng\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\recsysList.dll.config
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\recsysList.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\recsysList.pdb
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\obj\Debug\recsysList.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\obj\Debug\recsysList.dll
C:\Users\David79.Tseng\Dropbox\David79.Tseng\git-respository\recommendation-system\project-recomsys\recsysList\obj\Debug\recsysList.pdb
